Add new import logs senario (#315)
treasure-data/treasure-boxes: scenarios/import_td_logs/README.md

# Workflow: Import Treasure Data Logs from Data Landing Area

> This example shows how you can use workflow to ingest Treasure Data Logs From Data Landing Areas to your Treasure Data account. 

Reviewer: Add a statement;
"This is Opt-in feature. Contact your Customer Success rep or Technical Support if you have an interest in this feature."

Author: Thanks! Will fix.

# How to Run
## Requirement

> The workflow requires that Data Landing Areas feature is enabled in your Treasure Data account and thne you've got your User ID to access to it.

Reviewer: typo; thne -> then

Author: Thanks! Will fix.

## Steps
First, edit configurations. You can find the following settings in the `import_td_logs.dig` file.

|  Parameter |  Description  |
| ---- | ---- |

> |  api_endpoint  | The endpoint of the Treasure Data API. See this [document]('https://docs.treasuredata.com/display/public/PD/Sites+and+Endpoints'). (e.g. https://api.treasuredata.com) |

Reviewer 2: This link markdown might not be unfolded.

```suggestion
|  api_endpoint  | The endpoint of the Treasure Data API. See this [document](https://docs.treasuredata.com/display/public/PD/Sites+and+Endpoints). (e.g. https://api.treasuredata.com) |
```

Author: Thanks! Will fix.
